base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
Configuration:base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


cont: 1((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 2((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 3((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 4((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:trueConfiguration:


 ----------------------- 



base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 5((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 6((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 7((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 8((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 9((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:trueConfiguration:


 ----------------------- 



base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 10((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 11((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 12((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 13((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 14((( apos os testes))) base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


Configuration:
cont: 15((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


cont: 16((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 17((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 18((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 19((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 20((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 21((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 22((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 23((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 24((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:truecont: 25((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 26((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 27((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 28((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true
Configuration:

 ----------------------- 



base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 29((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 30((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:truecont: 31((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 32((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:falsecont: 33((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 34((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:falseConfiguration:



 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 35((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Contador de produtos:35
Total time (ms): 2540
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
Configuration:base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


cont: 1((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 2((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 3((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 4((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 5((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:truecont: 6((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 7((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:truecont: 8((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:truecont: 9((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:falsecont: 10((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 11((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 12((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:falsecont: 13((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 14((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 15((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 16((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 17((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 18((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 19((( apos os testes))) base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 20((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 21((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:falsecont: 22((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 23((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 

Configuration:

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 24((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 25((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 26((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 27((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 28((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 29((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:falseConfiguration:


 ----------------------- 



base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 30((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 31((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:falsecont: 32((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 33((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 34((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 35((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 36((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 37((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 38((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 39((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:falsecont: 40((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 41((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:trueConfiguration:


 ----------------------- 



base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 42((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:truecont: 43((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 44((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 45((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 46((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 47((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:trueConfiguration:


 ----------------------- 



base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 48((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:falsecont: 49((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 50((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
cont: 51((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 52((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 53((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:truecont: 54((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:truecont: 55((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 56((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
cont: 57((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 58((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 59((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:falseConfiguration:


 ----------------------- 



base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:truecont: 60((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 61((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 62((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 63((( apos os testes))) base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 64((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
cont: 65((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:trueConfiguration:



 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 66((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:falsecont: 67((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 68((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
cont: 69((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
cont: 70((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Contador de produtos:70
Total time (ms): 5162
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 1((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:falseConfiguration:


 ----------------------- 



base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 2((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:trueConfiguration:


 ----------------------- 



base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 3((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 4((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 5((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 6((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:falsecont: 7((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
cont: 8((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:truecont: 9((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:falsecont: 10((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 11((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 12((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 13((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 14((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 15((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 16((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 17((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:falsecont: 18((( apos os testes))) 

Configuration:


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 19((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 20((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 21((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 22((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 23((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:falseConfiguration:


 ----------------------- 



base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 24((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:truecont: 25((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 26((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:falsecont: 27((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:trueConfiguration:


cont: 28((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 29((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
cont: 30((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 31((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 32((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:falsecont: 33((( apos os testes))) 

Configuration:

 ----------------------- 



base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 34((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 35((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 36((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 37((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 38((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 39((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 40((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 41((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 42((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
cont: 43((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 44((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:trueConfiguration:



 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:falsecont: 45((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 46((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:trueConfiguration:


 ----------------------- 



base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 47((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 48((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 49((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 50((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 51((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 52((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 53((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 54((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 55((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 56((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 57((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 58((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 59((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 60((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 61((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 62((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 63((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 64((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 65((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 66((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 67((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 68((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 69((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 70((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 71((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 72((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 73((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 74((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 75((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 76((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 77((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 78((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 79((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 80((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 81((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 82((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 83((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 84((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 85((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 86((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 87((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 88((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 89((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 90((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 91((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 92((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
cont: 93((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 94((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 95((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 96((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 97((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 98((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 99((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 100((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 101((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 102((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 103((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 104((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 105((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Contador de produtos:105
Total time (ms): 11603
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
cont: 1((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 2((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 3((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 4((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 5((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 6((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 7((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 8((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 9((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 10((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 11((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 12((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 13((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 14((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 15((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 16((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 17((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 18((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 19((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 20((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 21((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 22((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 23((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 24((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 25((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 26((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 27((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 28((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 29((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 30((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 31((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 32((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 33((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 34((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 35((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 36((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 37((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 38((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 39((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 40((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 41((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 42((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 43((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 44((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 45((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 46((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 47((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 48((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 49((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 50((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 51((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 52((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 53((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 54((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 55((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 56((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 57((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 58((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 59((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 60((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 61((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 62((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 63((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 64((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 65((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0cont: 66((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:

10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 67((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 68((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 69((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 70((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 71((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 72((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 73((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 74((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 75((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 76((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 77((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 78((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


cont: 79((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 80((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 81((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 82((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 83((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 84((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 85((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 86((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 87((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 88((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 89((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 90((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 91((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 92((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
cont: 93((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 94((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 95((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 96((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 97((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 98((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 99((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 100((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 101((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 102((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 103((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
cont: 104((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:truecont: 105((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 106((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
cont: 107((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 108((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:truecont: 109((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 110((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 111((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 112((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 113((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 114((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 115((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 116((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 117((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
cont: 118((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 119((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 120((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 121((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:truecont: 122((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:falseConfiguration:


cont: 123((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 124((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:trueConfiguration:


1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 125((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 126((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 127((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


cont: 128((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 129((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 130((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:truecont: 131((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 132((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:truecont: 133((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 134((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 135((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 136((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 137((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 138((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
cont: 139((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
cont: 140((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Contador de produtos:140
Total time (ms): 22270
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 1((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 2((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 3((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 4((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 5((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 6((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 7((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:falseConfiguration:


 ----------------------- 



base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 8((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 9((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 10((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 11((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 12((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 13((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:falseConfiguration:



 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 14((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 15((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 16((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 17((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 18((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 19((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 20((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:trueConfiguration:


 ----------------------- 



base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 21((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 22((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 23((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:falsecont: 24((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 25((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 26((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 27((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 28((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 29((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 30((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 31((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 32((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 33((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:falsecont: 34((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 35((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 36((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 37((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 38((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 39((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 40((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 41((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 42((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 43((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 44((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 45((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 46((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:truecont: 47((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:falseConfiguration:


cont: 48((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:falseConfiguration:


 ----------------------- 



base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 49((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 50((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 51((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:truecont: 52((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


cont: 53((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 54((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 55((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 56((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 57((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 58((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 59((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 60((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:truecont: 61((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:falsecont: 62((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:trueConfiguration:


cont: 63((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 64((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 65((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 66((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 67((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 68((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 69((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 70((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 71((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:truecont: 72((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:truecont: 73((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 74((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 75((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 76((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 77((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 78((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 79((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 80((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 81((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
cont: 82((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 83((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 84((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 85((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
cont: 86((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 87((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
cont: 88((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 89((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 90((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 91((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 92((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 93((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 94((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 95((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 96((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 97((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 98((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 99((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 100((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 101((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 102((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 103((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
cont: 104((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
cont: 105((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 106((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 107((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 108((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 109((( apos os testes))) base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 110((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 111((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 112((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 113((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 114((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 115((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 116((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 117((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
cont: 118((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 119((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:falsecont: 120((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 121((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 122((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
cont: 123((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 124((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 125((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 126((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 127((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
cont: 128((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 129((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 130((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
cont: 131((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:trueConfiguration:



 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 132((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


cont: 133((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 134((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 135((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 136((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 137((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 138((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 139((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 140((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 141((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
cont: 142((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 143((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 144((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 145((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 146((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 147((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


cont: 148((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
cont: 149((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 150((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:falseConfiguration:



 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:truecont: 151((( apos os testes))) 



 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 152((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
cont: 153((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 154((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 155((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 156((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 157((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
cont: 158((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 159((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 160((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 161((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
cont: 162((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
cont: 163((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 164((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 165((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
cont: 166((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 167((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 168((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 169((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

Configuration:
cont: 170((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 171((( apos os testes))) 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 172((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 173((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 174((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 175((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Contador de produtos:175
Total time (ms): 34880
Total time (ms): 34880 time average (ms): 6976.0 number of times performed:5
